Welcome everyone to this section of the course we're going to take and combine all our skills that we
learn throughout the course and create a capstone project.
So for this project we're going to be creating a program that can detect a hand segment just the hand
away from the background and then count the number of fingers being held up.
Let's take a peek at what the finished project will look like.
All right.
The way we're going to work with this is inside of a red bounding box we'll be able to test the hand
as it comes in using thresholding and segmenting.
And then we'll count how many fingers are being held up.
He can see me changing the number of fingers.
And there's the little red counter on the edge of that window.
OK.
So we're going to do is break this out into multiple steps and get started.
I'll see you at the next lecture.